config: deafult about output.libraryTarget (#3920)
webpack/webpack.js.org: src/content/configuration/output.md

## `output.libraryTarget`

`string`

> Defaults to `'module'` if `output.module` is set to `True` else deafults to `var'`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Defaults to `'module'` if [`output.module`](#outputmodule) is set to `true`, otherwise defaults to `var'`.
```

`string = 'var'`

> Defaults to `'module'` if [`output.module`](#outputmodule) is set to `true`, otherwise defaults to `var'`.

Reviewer 2: We already said it defaults to var on line 611, i think its redundant here
